14 February, 2018. 20:28

I've decided to keep a "blog" of sorts to track my progress with software development. In case anyone ever actually reads this, bear with me since this will most likely be more like a stream of conciousness. This first post will be to lay out my current work, recent progress, and long-past projects.

Currently writing this using VIM, connecting to my Raspberry Pi with PuTTy on W10.

I want to be doing all this from my laptop, but I pretty much just set up my RPi as a development environment for python. I liked how it was supported natively -- I don't need to set up a bunch of stuff like I have to with Windows. I have half-set-up Atom for development but but something went wrong and I haven't felt like fixing it/reinstalling. That's at the top of my to-do list. For now, I'll continue to SSH into my Pi.

A few weeks ago I signed up for and begun a python course on Udemy. It's pretty helpful, albiet slow. Mainly it's a good way to take notes and /hear/ someone talk about the language. Then, this past weekend, I discovered repl.it. It's an online/cloud developing environment for a large variety of different languages. You can select a language you want to write in, load up an instance, and BOOM you're ready to write and run. They even have "graded" exercises, so I've been having fun working through those. I've also found lists of other 'exercises' online which I will be trying out.

I'd like to try writing some programs (first, in python) that utilize my physics and mathematics background. Unfortunately, I have no ideas off the top of my head right now. I would also like to try setting up my own media server, network-wide ad blocker, a web/data scraper, and various IoT device-type projects.
